hey what is up guys it's jason craft
here search my boy seems different on
thick and this media um shawnee i'm
gonna evolve shawnee going into the
Lawson Johnny but listen so yeah i've
got to some stand going to get
doing it I'm just gonna get to sunny
climate facile machine is Bell awesome
danilo when I had doesn't little bell
awesome we were to go wheat well we're
all the gold Oh God so sick bag
ooh here we go yeah I had to try this
for the schools of updated shana cox
going to
dear enjoy the matching
anyways I'm going to end it hey guys
from the camera and look the skin looks
proper else's all right I'm not to end
it yet to say before saw me and my
family okay before not before nine
shining SHINee put the sad thing whoever
put it portable for miles ago ski them
we're going to eat it hey guys this is
just my only team look I'm trying to
hatch fo sho Blaziken as a concealer my
party it means torch it I get my shinies
and one box of Legends done to a second
birth anyway I'm ending it see you guys